queryIntent	I'd like to make a {recipeName}
queryIntent	I like to make a {recipeName}
queryIntent	I'd want to make a {recipeName}
queryIntent	I want to make a {recipeName}
queryIntent	I'd like to make {recipeName}
queryIntent	I like to make {recipeName}
queryIntent	I'd want to make {recipeName}
queryIntent	I want to make {recipeName}
queryIntent	recipe for {recipeName}
advanceStepIntent	next step
advanceStepIntent	read recipe
advanceStepIntent	step
lastStepIntent	last step
lastStepIntent	previous step
lastIngreIntent	last ingredient
lastIngreIntent	previous ingredient
advanceIngreIntent	next ingredient
advanceIngreIntent	ingredient
advanceIngreIntent	read ingredient
backToMainIntent	quit
backToMainIntent	exit
backToMainIntent	main menu
backToMainIntent	return to main menu
backToMainIntent	go back to main menu
backToMainIntent	go back
startOverIntent	start again
startOverIntent	restart
startOverIntent	start over
startOverIntent	start
helpIntent	help
helpIntent	what can i say
helpIntent	what are the commands